Create ui-c8y-1024-8-0-custom-icon-management-and-icon-selector-improvements-11866-graft-release-cd.md (#4956)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1024-8-0-custom-icon-management-and-icon-selector-improvements-11866-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""

> title: custom icon management and icon selector improvements (#11866) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#12646)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Create and manage custom icons with an improved icon selector
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65712
version: 1024.8.0
---
# Backport

This will backport the following commits from `develop` to `release/cd`:
- [feat(Web SDK): [MTM-65712] custom icon management and icon selector
improvements
(#11866)](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-ui/pull/11866)

<!--- Backport version: unknown -->

### Questions ?
Please refer to the [Backport tool
documentation](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport)

[MTM-65712]:
https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-65712?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNWRkNTljNzYxNjVmNDY3MDlhMDU5Y2ZhYzA5YTRkZjUiLCJwIjoiZ2l0aHViLWNvbS1KU1cifQ

Co-authored-by: Carlos Ceia <carlos.ceia@cumulocity.com>
Co-authored-by: Tristan Bastian <tristan.bastian@cumulocity.com>
Co-authored-by: Claude Sonnet 4.6 (1M context) <noreply@anthropic.com>
Co-authored-by: Paweł Rynarzewski <92171763+pawel-rynarzewski-c8y@users.noreply.github.com>

> Co-authored-by: Jakub Drewniak <103751383+jdre-c8y@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web SDK now includes full custom icon management. The improved icon selector lets you upload and customize your own icons, then find and apply them across applications and managed objects.
```
